a moon as a caricature in shoreline
there I realize as I write has its own
myhnegon image safe country of swaps ker
I am ditch digger as far as drugs in
[ __ ] go it's pretty good we are the
green bounce and we have American dream
I find good job take effect Sarah
I make this vow 100 years or family then
one day everything changed
[Music]
it's been 100 years the pickle brine
preserved him perfectly
it doesn't the world has changed
everyone I know is gone you were able to
track down a great-grandson
Bob where are they they passed away it
was a car crash it will tell me
everything of the deaths how their
bodies died their faces as a life left
we will bond over our pain I understand
why you're a religious person but I not
how do you grieve for dead parents doing
okay my dear please don't be haughty
snis that's a very stupid idea you have
no wife no truth no friends no job you
need I'm fine
it will become success Wow very pungent
hmm yeah that's right from the devil you
will finally make their parents proud
don't talk about my parents you never
met them you have captivated the hearts
of the entire world I'm probably not
best-case scenario for the families
become an old company we have saying I'm
sure this is age well if does not throw
punch because because we smelled
secretly pull the arm something bad he
cured polio rectory we're gonna join a
sock
whiskey view he was he's he's her father
no last David Bowie give me some mother
no that's also David Bowie that whole
posters David Bowie
[Music]
so what's your book about that's a good
question hello Bobby
and my name's Sharon you're just
suffering from second book syndrome do
you still use that old manual typewriter
of yours
I thought computers were getting smaller
you know that technology is an addiction
just thinking to change my words you
just want one drug or another how do you
got your new hallway where I could do
great things together
you don't sleep well miss Johnson most
writers don't your machine is censoring
my work we love what we've read so far
how would you know surveillance
generation Bobby most readers just want
to be children good a story why this if
they're hot why didn't you come to the
door not your readers of course no they
they want to be ignited by Dan
I was a new job for you I don't do
assignments finish the book Bobby no
great writer we looked at a blank page
and away but I'm not off with you or
seal fan person all the running them
down
no scummy karma in order for letting at
the sickening uh although I do -
squawking Helen didn't Eric my name is
Christine the horse I'm a psychologist I
do a lot of people are wondering what
happened last night with you and the boy
if you touch me you will burn
Eric your Embassy has sent some people
to take it back to America
[Music]
let's get in the car they cannot reach a
city you do agree with me right you've
seen weights down here I saw it with my
own eyes look at to be alive sometimes I
just get these visions I see things well
like they're different world right I can
walk around I can touch things I can
feel things I feel the wind I feel the
heat I'm not saying he's a bad person I
don't care what he is we need to get him
under control
get out of there as quick as you can
[Music]
I think something happened that nobody
quite understands yet music moves people
until I teach middle school bear
music is life you just need to know what
a look hell we're up ting ways we shall
come around to touch eyes again if love
is the foundation if the purpose be to
recycle not a promise shall bring us to
spin your precious hours doing what will
bring out the real you the brilliant
passionate youth that's ready to
contribute something meaningful into
this world
[Music]
get ready your life is about to start
here's you have acute appendicitis
unfortunately we suspect that your
appendix is ruptured but we've scheduled
you for emergency surgery so hang in
there good hands no complications with
your surgery this is an experimental
facility they cut out my tongue and now
you're talking to me
it grew back we have unconventional
healing methods here Sharon but I'm not
at liberty to discuss that
what is that healing serum
I'm looking for the exit where's the
exit exit I think they're harvesting
tests the subjects or what can you tell
me about this man where did you get
these mixers I know you better than you
think we found 10 pounds of hearing
integrity on the nexus body
[Music]
I want you to forget all this I beg you
to forget it
[Music]
what happened you okay it's just the
weddings wanna make sure everybody has
fun it's gonna be fantastic
can I offer you a pre-wedding trip
beverage I actually had a question
somebody was telling me about a club
mile-high
and is that like a credit card thing
where you have to sign up we're supposed
to be getting married in four days okay
welcome to hedonism to well Jerry what
are you saying bye-bye this place is
paradise my boy it's on me it's
all-inclusive
okay well second one's on me too I think
I think it's a Caribbean thing I'm
getting married at a swingers resort
this is the nudist colony you're sick
buddy I hate to have to say this pal
we're enemies now by the way that hats
stupid you ladies mind if I join ladies
I don't buy unless you want me to
[Music]
beautiful girl man it does seem like
she's looking over here are you ladies
ready
[Music]
good night I don't know do what the hell
I got a couple of questions for this guy
right here what is he talking about Tom
eats slept with another woman whoa whoa
hey sexy come on wait seems too late to
fix this I just really need this to work
it's going to be great I promise you
you're gonna have the wedding your
dreams you wanna go check out the new
[Music]
I like it this is a party well done yes
piracy oh I need you to come around for
some of that Ricky dick
[Music]
you